Hi, everyone, in this lecture, we are definitely going to create the complete to do and remove to
do functions.
OK, so I'm going to come on top in here and I'm going to create a comment and I'm going to say when
a two do is completed and when is that when?
When is it to do completed it to do is completed whenever the user clicks on this icon.
Now this to do is completed.
When is the tattoo removed?
Whenever the user clicks on this icon.
So let's implement those functions, create those functions to implement the functionality.
So I'm going to create a function.
We have already created the function name, the function name is the completed.
It should be inside this complete to do inside the Intellisense, which there is and we are going to
pass to do.
I add him as the parameter because as the argument we have passed and the to do item, OK, and now
let's create that function.
The first thing that I want to do with this to do item.
So whenever the user clicks on the complete icon, what do we want to do.
We are going to grab the to do item and we are going to go into the class list and we are going to toggle
toggle what.
You guessed it right.
Toggle the check b10.
OK, so let's save it.
Let's come here and let's see if we can.
Hi.
So if I click on it, we are going to see that this the the this is green, right?
It means that something has happened.
And if I uncheck and it was not untuk if I click again, it is going to remove that green.
Where does that green coming.
Where is it coming from.
It is coming from, from right here.
So we have said that the color should be green.
That's it.
So we have successfully toggled the the one part of our think that we want to do so.
The one part of this problem is solved.
We have been able to toggle the check button, OK?
But there is another thing that we need to tackle as well, so whenever we want to, so this is the
check button and this is the uncheck.
Whenever we click on that button, if it has a class of check BTN, it is going to remove it.
And if it doesn't have, it is added, we are going to do the same thing with the uncheck button as
well.
So let's save it.
If it has a class of uncheck, remove it.
If it doesn't have a class of UNCAC at it, this is what Tuggle does.
It is on and off.
All right.
So now let's go say hi.
Click on it.
Now we can see that it didn't have a class of check and it didn't have a class of uncheck.
So it added both of the classes.
And if I click again now and it had a class of check and it had a class of uncheck, that's why it removed
both of them.
So whenever you are Tuggle, you don't need to really worry about whether this whether it has a class
or not.
OK, so that is done.
The next thing that we want to do is whenever we click on it, we want to see that line through on our
text.
So we are going to go grab our to do item.
We are going to go into the parent parent node.
It means that we have just selected the parent of this to do item.
So the parent of these to do items is we have created it right here.
It is the ALLAI because why do we want to do this?
It is the reason for that is we we are we are here.
All right.
And we want to go up one step.
So from there we can select the paragraph.
All right, so I want to selected through this panel and from there we are going to search for it through
our query selector method and we are going to grab any element that has a class of text.
And we know that only our paragraph has a class of text.
So we have selected our paragraph successfully so far.
That's why we move up one step and then from the top we selected through our query selector.
Right.
And whenever when we selected, we are going to add a class to it.
But the class is not going to be added nor remove.
The class is going to be toggled.
So we are going to say, Tuggle, what is that class.
It is text line through.
So so let's say hi there.
Let's save it so now we can see that we are basically toggling three classes.
The first classes check B10 and at this stage, tech B10 is off.
So we need to turn it on.
The second class is unchecked between the unchecked, bitin is off.
And the third class is the line through the line through as off.
We need to turn them on.
So if I click on this, all three classes, they are turned on, all three classes are turned off.
That was fun.
All right.
So that's done, right.
The next thing that I want to do here is.
I want to toggled that true and false for for this ad to do as well.
OK, I want to toggle it to true or false as well.
So let's go ahead and let's grab our to do container.
This is the empty array that we have initialized right here, which we are going to change later, of
course, for our local storage.
And we are going to say to do item.
Come on, buddy.
To do item, OK, dot IED.
So because this to do item is actually inside this to do container, we're going to grab the idea and
we are going to see if it is done now.
Now, this is the Dunn state.
You know what?
I'm going to do it in a different way.
So it is not confusing at all.
So we are going to say if this to do item which has a certain I.D. is done, if it is done, we are
going to return false.
If it is not done, we are going to return.
True.
OK, so when it is done, we are going to return false.
If it is not done, we are going to return.
True.
And we are going to save the result of this.
Turn the operator into and into another variable, which is this one into into this which, which we
have completed, which we have created before.
And this is the to do container.
Right.
So now we are done with our complete to do function.
Let's go ahead and let's create the when.
A to do is removed.
OK, so in here, this dysfunction is going to be relatively easy.
So we are going to create a function, the function name is going to be removed to do and we are going
to pass in our parameter of to do items.
So what we are going to do is whenever we click on the trash icon.
We want to remove that that do completely and whenever we say we want to remove that, to do it means
that we want to remove the ally.
So we are going to grab the to do item.
What is the parent of that?
The parent of the to do item is the elai.
And what is the parent of the elai?
It is going to be the USA and and the other we are going to say remove child and the USA.
And when the USA removes a child what is that child.
That child as the to do item.
To do items parent, all right, it is going to remove it.
And here is where the trash is going to be set to true.
Here is where the trash is going to be set.
So we are going to say to do container, we are going to update our to do container as well.
That's why whenever we do something with the container, we can see it inside our local storage because
we're updating our to do container accordingly.
So we are going to say to the item that ID trash equals true because trash was false.
Right.
And when the trash is true, if you remember from our very first function, which is to do if the trash
is true, this function is going to return, it means none of this code is going to run.
So let's save it.
Let's check it out.
Hi there.
This is a to do so.
If I click on this, we can see it works perfectly fine.
If I click on the trash, it is going to remove it completely and we don't see it anywhere.
It's it's not even inside this local storage because we have not yet persisted it to the local storage.
We should do that.
OK, we're going to do that in our final lectures in this chapter.
Right.
That that's going to be the final thing that we would do.
All right.
So I hope nothing is confusing.
And you know what?
I'm just going to cancel something for you, so you know exactly what I mean.
So to do item dot parent, we know what to do.
Item is right.
So what is the paranoid of this to do item.
So if I do that and if I say hi there and if I click on this, we are going to get Elai right.
So the parent node of this to do item is Elize.
So the result of this is going to be elai.
What about this?
And I'm sure you know that I'm not you know what, I'm not going to do it.
It's very simple.
So the concept, whenever we say paranoid, we are going to get lie and the parent of the ally is going
to be you.
Well, and from there, we are going to say remove child.
Right?
So I'm just going to remove this.
And now we have successfully implemented this.
I think our application is completed.
And if we weren't if we weren't going to add it sorry, persisted to the local storage, then our application
would be completed because it says hi there and we can see we can click on this.
It is going to add it.
We can check it, uncheck it, we can remove it and we can add it once more misspelled.
But the problem with not having the local storage is whenever when I reload, everything goes away.
So these this functionality, we are going to add in like in two or three letters, because I don't
I do not want to provide you with a lot of information in one lecture.
I do not want to scare you away.
This is going to be our very first interaction with the local storage.
And I promise you, I'm going to explain every nut on board of it.
That's it for this lecture.
See you guys in the next one.